Well, the presentation on copyright tomorrow
will be something like this?
Even if you say “copyright” in one word,
there is so much content that it becomes complicated.
If you don’t understand it correctly, you might make a mistake.
Oh yeah, that reminds me, are car designs covered by copyright?
Car designs? Why suddenly?
Well, actually, I love cars and there’s a car
that I’m hoping to buy someday!...
ah, this one.
When this was announced,
there seemed to be some design issues,
and it took a long time for it to be released.
Design issues?
Yeah, it’s pretty similar to an overseas car,
or something like that.
I’m studying copyright and stuff in college right now,
so that reminded me.
Wow, I’m surprised Naoya likes cars.
Well, yeah.
The shape of the car and the front view are
so similar that a lawsuit was filed.
Car designs are primarily drawn by people...
so is the similarity a copyright issue?
I thought so.
I don’t know, copyrighted work is...
a creatively produced expression of thoughts or sentiments that
fall within the literary, academic, artistic, or musical domain,
right?
That’s great! You remember the legal provisions so well.
If that’s the case, the car’s design is a little different, isn’t it?
It’s not the same as expressing thoughts or sentiments.
It’s a design for a practical item,
and it’s likely outside the scope of art.
Okay. Then what is it? I’m curious.
If there was a lawsuit, I guess there was an issue with something.
It may be subject to another intellectual property right.
Another intellectual property right? What is that?